Instructions

Had Enough Hunting? Time to Try Farming!

Welcome to your new job at Miller Sisters. We were impressed that you
successfully exploited a market maker at your last job, so we want you to do
something much harder: build one for us. You've got control of account
MS10519711 and have been assigned to be the ZOMI Chicago Exchange (ZOMEX)
market maker for EUHC Corp. (EUHC).

ZOMI Chicago Exchange has no restrictions on your actions as a market maker --
you're not subject to a requirement to be in the market, to maximum sizes of
spreads, etc. One fly in the ointment, though: one of our competitors is also
running a market making strategy. They suck at it, but they're not totally
asleep at the wheel, so you can't just do the dumbest thing possible and reap
riskless profits -- the dumbest thing is already spoken for.

Worth noting: EUHC Corp. is a relative backwater in the investment world,
followed by no analysts and appearing in the holdings of no mutual funds. This
is great news for you, as it means that you can assume there is
very-little-to-no smart money in this market.

It's all sheep. Go fleece them. Err, wait, go provide them liquidity for their
trades at a lower price then our competitor offers for the equivalent
service... but like a hungry-while-still-nonthreatening animal. Like a
chipmunk. Go chipmunk those trades!

=Your Goal

Make $10,000 in profit while minimizing your exposure to EUHC Corp..

Profit equals your current net asset value minus your basis. Your basis is
simply the sum of money you've spent so far. Don't worry, to keep the math easy
for you we're subsidizing the fees and commissions.

You should probably try to generate the profit via market making but if you're
able to successfully speculate in EUHC shares well then good on you.

=You'll Be Fired If

You take on excessive risk. The risk desk says that, since you're new here, not
to go over 1,000 shares in either direction. (You can borrow shares from Miller
Sisters costlessly if you need to be short shares.)

You lose too much money. The risk desk periodically calculates the total value
of your shares (calculated as of the last trade) and cash. If they're unhappy
with it, you're done.

A New Subtlety

You're a market maker, so you need to keep accurate records of what your
position is at any given time. We are keeping tabs on it, too (the risk desk
won't just "take your word for it"), but for compliance reasons, we don't feel
the need to tell you what it is anymore.

